Adding support for the POST was almost easier than doing the Git.
We just need to come into our controller and below our Git mapping,
but before our closing curly brace,
you want to add a PostMapping, and inside of here we want to have it handled
the same way with the /user request, and then we want to just start putting our
signature in here. So we're going to say public, and it's going to take an
object type of User, and we'll name it user.
Instead of our method,
we can return our user instance. We can manipulate things on
there if we want, but for just some debugging, let's add a
System.out.println here on User firstname,
getFirstname and save this.
Now, we have everything in here to actually handle a POST.
Now, from the previous module,
you could go ahead and add validation in here and other stuff to handle that.
We've already seen those pieces in action.
We don't need to make this example more convoluted,
but those same binding results and valid attributes will still work
inside of RESTful services. Let's restart our server, and I'm going
to go over the Postman. Now in Postman,
with this POST set up where I've just chose the type of POST and clicked on
the Body tab, added in my elements, my key of first name, value of last
name, key of last name, value of Hansen, age, all of the name value
key‑pairs inside of here, if I click Send,
you'll notice that it returned our object back to us,
and that's because it successfully went through that. Let me switch back over
to the IDE, and you'll be able to see that System.out.println in our console.
You can see our user first name Bryan at the bottom of our console output
because we went clear through that life cycle.
That's really all we had to do to add a GET and a POST to our code.
You can easily implement the other methods as well.
A PUT and a DELETE, they have the same URL mappings, you
can go ahead and put them in here,
and it will accept the except headers that you send in.
So if it's a PUT, POST, GET, or DELETE,
it will handle it accordingly to that request. Makes it really easy.
Let's see how we'd do this and now intercept this data with jQuery on the client‑side.